Dr. Belis Aladag: We're going to be seeing Chelsea scoop ski was the first time patient
Dr. Belis Aladag: And she I checked her. She's here for opioid use disorder and I checked her cures report and she received number five lorazepam one milligram on for 20
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm assuming it's from a hospital stay, that she recently had and I'll talk to her about that.
Chelcey Skubski: Hello.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Hi Chelsea, how are you
Chelcey Skubski: Doing good, how are you
Dr. Belis Aladag: Good, good. I'm Dr. Ella DAG. Right. Hi.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Nice to meet you. So I'm an addiction specialist and I understand. I just have a brief note about you that you came to us after a discharge from Antelope Valley.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Where you there for. Was it a hospital stay. Was it a outpatient program.
Chelcey Skubski: mental health day I was there for an attempted suicide.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Or okay
Dr. Belis Aladag: Wow, that's pretty heavy. Hi.
Dr. Belis Aladag: How are you feeling now.
Chelcey Skubski: I'm doing okay. The, the psychiatrists there put me on a regiment of lithium and Geodon along with our van Gogh calm and I believe it's just Benadryl for sleeping, but it's not helping me sleep but
Chelcey Skubski: That's the it's the first time I've been on medication in
Chelcey Skubski: Three years.
Chelcey Skubski: But I on medications.
Chelcey Skubski: Pretty much most of my life since I was 15 for depression, so
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, I see. But the last three years you hadn't been taking any any psychiatric meds.
Chelcey Skubski: Any psychiatric meds. Yes.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Um, and why is that what was going on in the last three years.
Chelcey Skubski: Well, my dad got sick very unexpectedly well unexpectedly, to me, he knew, but didn't tell me. And so I ended up two years ago, having he lived in Northern California. I ended up having to go up there and I was there for three months. He was an ICU and I had to end up taking him off the ventilator.
Chelcey Skubski: So I'm got kind of started my spiral with my addiction. I had been seeing my primary care physician who had prescribed me
Chelcey Skubski: Norco as well as value for my anxiety I was seeing a neurologist who was giving me medications that I cannot remember the name of I've been trying and trying and I can't remember it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: All it just why were you seeing a neurologist and headaches.
Chelcey Skubski: I haven't had it since I was eight years old.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, well fine.
Chelcey Skubski: As well, but mostly headaches.
Dr. Belis Aladag: headaches and migraines, but mainly and headaches. Was it something called furious set
Chelcey Skubski: Oh no, that was on it.
Chelcey Skubski: And it will Max No.
Chelcey Skubski: Yes, that sounds familiar.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Go go next. Okay. Yeah, they sometimes use that it's a anti epilepsy anti seizure amid
Dr. Belis Aladag: That okay they sometimes use off label to help with migraine or headache prevention.
Chelcey Skubski: Okay, okay, but the the primary care physician. She had sent me up with a neurologist. She was prescribing me the Norco not necessarily for the headaches but I have about 10 years ago I got diagnosed with chronic tendonitis and both my hands.
Chelcey Skubski: Along I
Chelcey Skubski: Went to physical therapy for about six months for it.
Chelcey Skubski: I had to stop my beauty school
Chelcey Skubski: Because of it. I ended up dropping a blow dryer on my own head. So that's how I found out I had it.
Chelcey Skubski: So I was seeing her for that as well as I have a degenerative disc in my neck and back pain issues. So I did have a prescription. When my father died. That is when I started abusing that prescription. Then I moved. I was no longer seeing that
Dr. Belis Aladag: Doctor
Chelcey Skubski: Doctor, and I started obtaining them illegally.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Um, when what what what they did your father died.
Chelcey Skubski: It was June two years ago, so almost, almost three years ago now.
Dr. Belis Aladag: June 2018
Chelcey Skubski: Yes 1717 sorry seven
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Okay, so almost three
Chelcey Skubski: Almost three it'll be free in June, June 12
Dr. Belis Aladag: And you're so young, so he must have been young
Chelcey Skubski: So sorry was only 62 yes
Dr. Belis Aladag: What happened with him what was going on.
Chelcey Skubski: Pulmonary Fibrosis
Chelcey Skubski: So, I believe, according to because, of course, when he went on the ventilator. The doctors were disclosing his medical history to me.
Chelcey Skubski: And I could see a he and I had scans from prior years of his logs that looked bad. So I think he knew and just didn't play. We're very, very close. My mother is an alcoholic has been my entire life.
Chelcey Skubski: Um, she was very abusive when I was living with her, which is why I moved out when I was 17 I live with my father briefly we became very close. Then, and so he was like my, my best friend. So I took it really hard when he passed.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Or some some story or
Dr. Belis Aladag: What I see, and then your mom. I'm sorry to hear about her problem.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes. Do you do so, since age 17 do not really connect with her.
Chelcey Skubski: Oh no, I talked to her. I just talked to her about 30 minutes ago, she is still very much part of my life.
Chelcey Skubski: However, in it is a problem. She's still in her own addiction.
Chelcey Skubski: She still has we bring her alcohol, um, she still has me take care of basically I took care of most of the financial and
Chelcey Skubski: Big kid adult stuff for her. When I was younger, so she still has carried over into now it's a source of strife between my husband and I, because he knows the funk good for me. And he knows that she's still being
Chelcey Skubski: Abusive in in a different way.
Chelcey Skubski: In my life so that causes a lot of problems for me and him as well. And it's not something I want to keep doing but I feel obligated to because she's my mother so
Dr. Belis Aladag: So like what kind of. Is she the way she talks to you, is it her
Chelcey Skubski: Um,
Dr. Belis Aladag: She asked from you, like she
Chelcey Skubski: She asked me to take care of everything for her. She is kind of like it's kind of reversed. Like, I'm the adult
Chelcey Skubski: Like I paying her bills for her.
Chelcey Skubski: I go grocery shopping for her.
Chelcey Skubski: Things like that, you know, she's not as much verbally abusive. She was when I was younger, because she knows I probably won't do things for her if she talks to me know
Okay.
Chelcey Skubski: Very dependent. She calls me about
Chelcey Skubski: Minimum three times a day.
Chelcey Skubski: Oh, yeah, yeah. That's what everybody says that's minimum though. Normally, it's more
Dr. Belis Aladag: More AND SHE'S NEEDED always needing something
Chelcey Skubski: Yes.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So are you physically near each other right now.
Chelcey Skubski: Um, she actually moved about a year ago, she is about 15 miles away. So I don't see her every day, like I used to. When she was a couple miles, but I still make that trip every other day. Every third day
Chelcey Skubski: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So your husband and you're living with your husband.
Chelcey Skubski: My husband. My daughter and my father in law lives with us as well. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: How old is your daughter.
Chelcey Skubski: My daughter's to she just turned two on the 14th.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh, happy birthday.
Dr. Belis Aladag: To you. Thank you. But yet toddlers are hard, man. It's all
Chelcey Skubski: Yeah, yeah, she's really attached to. So
Dr. Belis Aladag: You're a mother.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And your toddler.
Chelcey Skubski: Yes, yes, but my daughter. Makes sense, right, so yeah. That is what it is. And she's my biggest motivator right now for cleaning up myself. So
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes, yes, I'm sure that's wonderful. And your husband. How long have you guys been together married or
Chelcey Skubski: Together, for it will be 14 years in August will be married. Six years on the third actually
Okay.
Chelcey Skubski: And since I was 17 pretty much
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh, since you moved out of your mom's house.
Chelcey Skubski: I will did with my dad for like two months and then my dad, bless his heart didn't want to stop young love so he let me move in with my boyfriend and his family.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I see right
Chelcey Skubski: Yes.
Dr. Belis Aladag: On your 18th birthday. Okay, so you've been together that long. And so he's very familiar with your family dynamics.
Dr. Belis Aladag: With your closeness with your father and your problems with your mom.
Chelcey Skubski: Yes. He knows everything. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So he's I imagine he's been a support system for you.
Chelcey Skubski: My biggest support system as far as my addiction goes, he is Hannah, my father in law, which I don't talk to my father in law about it, but he knows
Chelcey Skubski: But the only person I've talked to you about the addiction is my husband. Of course it's caused a lot of strike a lot of arguments. It's hurt us financially. It's been a lot of damage. So, um, but he knows about it, and obviously he's the biggest supporter of the getting insane team.
Dr. Belis Aladag: But I think it's, yeah, it's very important that we do that how we work on it. So it's really good that you're here and that we're talking
Dr. Belis Aladag: And so, okay, so, so after your father died. That's when the Norco abuse started happening. And then you moved away. You, you didn't have that doctor. So you started getting it off illegally.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And
Dr. Belis Aladag: You were and you've been using it pretty consistently for the past three years.
Chelcey Skubski: Guess I had bouts here and there, where I would go, you know, a month or two clean. There was, like, maybe three or four times where I do that.
Chelcey Skubski: You know, my husband would find out I was up to the same old thing I would stop. I would try and clean.
Dr. Belis Aladag: On your own
Chelcey Skubski: On my own, it's always been on my own. I've never done on
Chelcey Skubski: Trees before before the suicide. I tried to seek out outpatient treatment because I did not want to do in patient
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
My daughter.
Chelcey Skubski: And so everywhere. I called out here, where I live, told me that I wasn't covered under my insurance. I got really frustrated. I got to my depression and that's when the suicide thing happened.
Chelcey Skubski: But I have been. I haven't taken any non prescription medication and about a week now.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so one week. Okay, yeah. Wonderful. Okay. And, and are you starting to have cravings.
Chelcey Skubski: Oh yeah, I find them every day. Okay, honestly, like it's that's the hardest part. I don't have really I've never really had a problem with the physical
Chelcey Skubski: Withdrawal symptoms.
Chelcey Skubski: Or so, just the cravings that are the issue and my head. And then, of course, if I get headaches or my hand. Start bothering me. That's a trigger as well.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Of course, yeah. So yeah, those are ongoing chronic issues.
Chelcey Skubski: Right, right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Are they extend the hand the tendinitis hands. Um, so, so for the past week. You've been sober from, you know,
Chelcey Skubski: North Coast and. Right, right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And for the past week. You've been taking the lithium and the Geodon and the admin.
Chelcey Skubski: I think it's been a little bit longer than a week because I started in the hospital. So maybe about a week and a half.
Chelcey Skubski: Broke up
Chelcey Skubski: About 10 days, I believe.
Dr. Belis Aladag: The news. Now when did you go in and when did you come out of the hospital. Do you know
Chelcey Skubski: Um, I went in.
Chelcey Skubski: Look at my calendar here.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Alright so I'm able
Chelcey Skubski: In on the 16th and I got out on the one tier
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I believe that makes sense because I'm so being, you know, and taking care of you as your physician, now is your addiction, Doc, I have access to, like, a database.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Where I don't know if you've heard of it. It's called cures and it's basically like anytime you're given a controlled substance so like Valium Advent, whatever.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Right, or other substances, I can. It comes up on us.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know, so yeah, so like it showed the only thing it showed for you in the past year was you got some lorazepam on for 20
Chelcey Skubski: Yep.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You got like five pills or something so they
Chelcey Skubski: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: They gave that to you. So, so that makes sense if you were there, the 16th, you came out the 20th
Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Um, and
Dr. Belis Aladag: In terms of establishing care for the so so I have good news. The good news is,
Dr. Belis Aladag: For your cravings to help you not relapse and start using nor goes or other opiates. Again, we have a very good medication, you may have. It's called Suboxone
Chelcey Skubski: I have heard of it is better than methadone. Correct.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's better because the lifestyle, it's better. It gives you so much more freedom it Suboxone or that's the brand name, one of the brand news the actual generic is buprenorphine.
Chelcey Skubski: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So buprenorphine is a medication like any others that you can get from a doctor.
Dr. Belis Aladag: grant you, you take it, you get the prescription like you would anything else and you have that freedom and flexibility of being seen in a normal office setting.
Chelcey Skubski: Up.
Dr. Belis Aladag: The don't methadone works, but it's got a lot of restrictions around it it's it's federally controlled. So you can't access it through a regular doctor, you have to go to a
Chelcey Skubski: Clinic, so
Chelcey Skubski: The one I was familiar with when I called about all the outpatient stuff they kept saying, methanol methadone methadone, so
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, and I
Chelcey Skubski: Heard of
Dr. Belis Aladag: The box Suboxone. Yeah. So if we if you can get sober. If you can remain sober and do your recovery utilizing Suboxone it's just easier on you. You don't have to. So if you were to do methadone, you have to go daily to
Chelcey Skubski: It right
Chelcey Skubski: I don't want to do
Chelcey Skubski: That right now.
Dr. Belis Aladag: With your child and everything is just wouldn't be more of a hassle for you. So yeah, it's in your best interest to, I think, for you. This would be the best fit.
Chelcey Skubski: Oxygen in it.
Chelcey Skubski: It helps with the craving. I'm having trouble with
Chelcey Skubski: Exactly. OK. OK. Awesome.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, I mean it really, it's it's it's a partial opioid so it's still in the same family.
Chelcey Skubski: Technically, so you have to be careful. So there's certain things like we don't want you drinking alcohol.
Chelcey Skubski: Right, I don't drink that's never been my thing.
For all
Chelcey Skubski: Of my mom but
Chelcey Skubski: Yes, I decided to go a different route, apparently.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Unfortunately, yes. Addiction comes in different ways. But, and sometimes, you know, it could be. It's so multifactorial it's hard to say, but we do know there could be some hereditary genetic dispositions.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Right, but it doesn't have to determine your destiny, just because you have a tendency for this. Well now you know you do.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Doesn't mean you're going to be stuck like that. It just is like, wow, it's more of a warning for you. Hey, I'm I tend to go towards this stuff. I can't be using substances or exposing myself to substances that can cause addictions.
Chelcey Skubski: Right. Right. You know,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Whatever they may be so I'm glad you stay away from alcohol but
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes. With this
Dr. Belis Aladag: You it slows your rest it may slow your respiration, you're breathing. Right. So you don't want to be drinking alcohol or using so so like lorazepam
Dr. Belis Aladag: Caught me
Dr. Belis Aladag: I mean, I don't know if they're going to do this long term for you or one
Chelcey Skubski: I have to have to make an appointment with psychiatry, just after I meet with you.
Chelcey Skubski: And I'm going to go through you guys for my mental health. So because they just gave me a 30 day supply at the hospital and the lorazepam
Chelcey Skubski: It was like, take two pills every day as needed. But they gave me five pills. So that was literally just like Karen, you're out of the hospital. Here you go.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, yeah, very little.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah yeah
Chelcey Skubski: It was
Chelcey Skubski: It was only the the mental illness pills that they gave me a 30 day supply up so I could have time to the doctor.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, so, so they are not even clear yeah you you really do you should. I'm glad I'm glad I was going to suggest that that you establish here with our psychiatry team.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I have a nurse practitioner and I think we have a few doctors. Either way, right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Established care and then really get their input, they're going to know and you can tell them hey I'm starting Suboxone for my opioid problem.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, um,
Chelcey Skubski: And sorry, can you spell that for me, just so I have a note of it. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Sure. Um, so the the brand name is Suboxone su Bo X. Oh, and he
Chelcey Skubski: Got it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then the generic one is the real name is Bupa buprenorphine so be up our E and o our theme.
Chelcey Skubski: You cannot it
Chelcey Skubski: Thank you.
Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So, so, I think. So how much Norco so like a week ago before your hospitalization how he
Looks
Chelcey Skubski: A lot. I always got 10 milligram pills I easily in one dose take 10 to 15 of those
Chelcey Skubski: Know a lot. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: 10 to 15 in one dose and you would. How many times would you do
Chelcey Skubski: If I could, I would
Chelcey Skubski: Do it twice a day.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Okay, so
Chelcey Skubski: Dependent on money.
Chelcey Skubski: And availability, honestly.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um, so you are, you're on a pretty high amount of medication there. And so we're gonna adjust the Suboxone so the Suboxone there's no real like
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, based on what you said you're going to be on X amount. It just really varies, person to person. Some people are okay on relatively low doses.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And some need a little bit more
Dr. Belis Aladag: So for you, I think I'm just going to start with, like, an average
Dr. Belis Aladag: Dose I'm going to. So there's two milligram. They come in film in strips are you, you're probably medic cow is all right do you have medical
Chelcey Skubski: Now,
Chelcey Skubski: It's private it's a private Blue Shield of California.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so, so maybe so. So maybe the tablet is going to be better. So
Dr. Belis Aladag: cheapest, cheapest right i think i think tablet would be cheapest because depending on insurance. It's strange, but the film is covered, but the tab is not and then the
Dr. Belis Aladag: Other ones, the tab is cheaper. So if your private. I think the tablet would be more economical. Okay. Is it possible
Chelcey Skubski: To like with a prescription. I know sometimes they'll put like you can substitute for other things can you can do that just
Dr. Belis Aladag: Going to do that. I'm not
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm going to put it on there that you know may substitute. So now that you're aware when you go in to fill it. You say, hey, can you run my insurance and let me know is the film.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Suboxone I will be better.
Dr. Belis Aladag: My ugly or this other one
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, depending on the answer.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then say the doctor put may substitute. So they'll see that they may not honor it until they speak to us, though. So, but don't can't just tell them okay and stay there. My advice would be to stay there. If it's the hours and just call the virtual clinic.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, where you call today and say, hey, is Danielle Danielle is the girl. The staff member who
Dr. Belis Aladag: With pharmacy.
Chelcey Skubski: Do I, I just call the 844 number again.
Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'll give you another version that might work better. It's 1-800-822-6959
Chelcey Skubski: Five p&l
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, and ask for Danielle for pharmacy help because she can directly, talk to the pharmacist on my behalf on any of the doctors behalf at bright heart.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And just said yes. Substitute she knows that this kind of thing happens. She's very
Dr. Belis Aladag: Fact, she probably knows by memory like which insurance covers right
Chelcey Skubski: Right, okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's the phone number, but you also have the zoom number, right. The 408
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes 64762
Chelcey Skubski: Yes.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Correct. Okay, so. Either one works for like stay there and do that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then get them to talk, but
Chelcey Skubski: Is this something that I will pick up today or. OK, cool.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So we can start today. I say, I'm so be coming to an eight milligrams. And I think for you. I'm going to do the eight milligram
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay and I'm going to suggest that we take
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Why don't we try half, okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So that would be for right so if you have the tablet, it would be half in the morning.
Chelcey Skubski: By
Dr. Belis Aladag: You have after lunch.
Chelcey Skubski: Okay.
Chelcey Skubski: And those me
Chelcey Skubski: That's good enough for
Dr. Belis Aladag: I think
Dr. Belis Aladag: I could. I'm just wondering, Should we do it three times. But let's just see how you do with that with the money and then in the lunchtime hour
Dr. Belis Aladag: And see, and keep keep track of crazy.
Chelcey Skubski: Find the hardest.
Chelcey Skubski: For me honestly mornings are when it
Chelcey Skubski: Really, it gets hard. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So then I think maybe we'll do this. How about we do have in the morning, half around lunchtime, or whatever. And then another half before you sleep.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. That way if you when you wake up, you won't hopefully be in so many
Chelcey Skubski: Like that, in the morning.
Chelcey Skubski: And that makes sense. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So, half, half, half, so you do one and a half total tasks daytime.
Chelcey Skubski: But
Dr. Belis Aladag: The pharmacist can give you a pill cutter, I suggest that you do that. So it's not uneven every time.
Chelcey Skubski: Right, right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And don't get confused. There's buprenorphine and something called the lock zone in it as well.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So it's a
Dr. Belis Aladag: Humble pill.
Dr. Belis Aladag: But that combo naloxone is
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's almost like it's non existent. You can ignore that it's there, it's
Dr. Belis Aladag: Only a bigger
Dr. Belis Aladag: To prevent people from trying to inject it because
Dr. Belis Aladag: Injected a good market.
Chelcey Skubski: OK, OK. That's fine.
Chelcey Skubski: Right, I think, but okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Night, you're saying, which is good, but
Dr. Belis Aladag: So you'll see it, they'll say eight milligrams dash two milligrams. Well, the time comes in the lock so it doesn't catch it. I don't get confused. It's
Chelcey Skubski: Right on it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Got that. Um, and let me see if I have
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um, let me just make sure I have the right pharmacy, so we're
Back.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And do you know your doses of lithium and to dawn.
Chelcey Skubski: Yes, my dose of NO, I DID. Hold on.
Chelcey Skubski: The Geodon is 120 milligrams a day. It's 2020 milligram pills three pills in the morning three pills in the evening the lithium. Let me check really quick. Let me grab the ball.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I see here of 300 milligram. I think it's pulling up some pharmacy stuff.
Chelcey Skubski: Yes that's right 300 milligrams
Chelcey Skubski: Book yes 300 milligrams. The correct
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, awesome.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, we have those things here.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then we're going to add. OK, so the pharmacy. I have on file for you is the Walmart on Valley Center.
Chelcey Skubski: Correct Valley central way.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Central
Okay, yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so do that. Do you have any allergies to medication.
Chelcey Skubski: None that I know of, no.
Dr. Belis Aladag: All right, so we'll try
Dr. Belis Aladag: So the lithium. So because you're on some other meds that can cause
Dr. Belis Aladag: So with the lithium, it's, it's a warning me that it may
Dr. Belis Aladag: Cause something called serotonin syndrome. I don't know if when you were started on meds and
Chelcey Skubski: Yeah, I've
Dr. Belis Aladag: Learned
Chelcey Skubski: So many med regarding the depression. Yeah, I'm I'm super familiar with that so
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, so you're you're aware. I mean, that basically it's a it's a weird rare thing where you get very stiff muscles you get flushed a thought confused. I mean, it looks like an emergency and it is
Chelcey Skubski: Go to, er, right, just look out for you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so yeah hopefully that won't happen.
Chelcey Skubski: I don't think it will. But I'll make sure I'm looking out for it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And you don't have any heart issues that you know
No.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Good saying something about
Chelcey Skubski: Rhythm abnormality.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Get you know any palpitations anything weird, you know,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Just get help. Don't
Dr. Belis Aladag: Don't wait. You know, some people are like, oh, maybe it's nothing.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, and then others are like hyper as dramatic.
Right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: This falls under tongue as well. So the way you take this. It's very important that you dissolve it under your tongue. So it's drink water before you take your first dose.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That your mouth is moist.
Chelcey Skubski: And they know it's kind of like
Chelcey Skubski: A sound exactly like the
Chelcey Skubski: Date thing for nasza they gave me when I was packing.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Uh huh. Yeah. So, friend.
Chelcey Skubski: Yes. Yes, I could. Thank you. I couldn't think of a name of it for like me. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes. So, exactly. So it's like that except remember to dissolve it
Dr. Belis Aladag: under your tongue big
Dr. Belis Aladag: Time. That's where it gets into the bloodstream.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so yeah park it under there, let it kind of melt a few minutes.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Three to five minutes. I mean, it doesn't have to be half an hour. Right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Now hopefully it's melted, mostly. You don't want to chew it or swallow it without that process.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Because it then it won't get in your system.
Chelcey Skubski: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Got it. And it should take effect within 10 minutes or something.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Hopefully start feeling like okay
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um, I think all that
Chelcey Skubski: Better
Dr. Belis Aladag: Not have these
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know, like, hopefully.
Chelcey Skubski: I'm really, really excited to try
Chelcey Skubski: This because obviously when I've done it completely on my own in the past with no help. I've always relax and I cannot have that happen again. I can't
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, it sounds like your life is on the line.
Chelcey Skubski: You get
Chelcey Skubski: Your sanity. Yes, I saw
Chelcey Skubski: My, my family, you know, so it's just, it's really, really important and has to work this time. So that's why I'm unhappy trying something different, because clearly what I was doing was not working.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's very wise.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And the good thing is this. Let me tell you, people ask, Okay, well, how long do I have to be on this whatever the thing is. It's just like the medications for depression or something.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Right. Some people we get you through a hump. So like
Dr. Belis Aladag: Six months a year.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And you're like, Hey look, Doc. Everything is really stable. I want to try slowly weaning off. Let's see how it
Chelcey Skubski: Down.
Dr. Belis Aladag: We can we go we get you off, and I've done that for people. That's really very photo.
Chelcey Skubski: How long do people normally stay on this, like, I mean, on average, I know everybody's different.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I would say I would say my patients, I suggest strongly suggest that you stay on it for at least a year.
Chelcey Skubski: Okay, okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um, but, you know, everybody's different. You know, so I'm flexible. I work with my patients.
Chelcey Skubski: But I don't have a preference. I was just more
Dr. Belis Aladag: Curious. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I would say a year. But then there's people that have been on it for many years, you know,
Chelcey Skubski: Right. Right. And on the person.
Dr. Belis Aladag: depends on the person. And honestly, the science shows us you know the data that they've
Dr. Belis Aladag: Gathered shows us the longer you're on it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: The more successful you are in staying sober.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So if it works and it's not harmful to you.
Chelcey Skubski: And
Dr. Belis Aladag: Then it shouldn't be.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Then you should be okay. You know, I'm
Dr. Belis Aladag: So we'll see, um,
Chelcey Skubski: And it doesn't affect the liver and like the narco does correct
Dr. Belis Aladag: So the
Chelcey Skubski: Eat a manifest that affects
Dr. Belis Aladag: Exactly. So it's more than acetaminophen i mean the the hydrocodone the opioids do get
Dr. Belis Aladag: processed through the light well but mostly the Tylenol acetaminophen causes most of the damage.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so this because it's a partial opiate. It's a good question. It is processed through the liver. So that's why if you've had blood tests done in the hospital and stuff and you have results.
Chelcey Skubski: You can feel
Chelcey Skubski: Somewhere. When I got home I have them.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Maybe you could take pictures of them and send them to the to the staff like call the virtual clinic.
Chelcey Skubski: They actually told me I need to go get blood work done.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, if you, if you can, that's ideal. But if he already had a lot of it, some of it done, especially the liver enzymes, then maybe you can kind of delay, going to the quest lie to you. I mean, if it's easy for you just go to the quest lab and get it.
Chelcey Skubski: Okay, I'll probably just do that. It's literally a mile down the street.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Do that, then that's
Dr. Belis Aladag: Because then then we won't miss anything. And what I see is a liver tests to see
Dr. Belis Aladag: If your liver is functioning as
Chelcey Skubski: Normal nervous, but yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I mean,
Chelcey Skubski: I mean, stuff that I haven't really looked into since I started the addiction, so I don't really know how I have affected my liver, you know,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, and that's been like three years now. Right. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, so we'll see what it should. So it's important for you to get that done. Then, and I'll talk to you about the results and we'll, we'll hopefully it's fine and
Dr. Belis Aladag: You can continue on the medication and
Dr. Belis Aladag: I once a year, you know, maybe we check it again.
Chelcey Skubski: You know, that's the kind of
Right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That makes sense.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yep. Okay. So, um, so the other thing I want to say is there's something called narcan nasal spray. Have you
Chelcey Skubski: Familiar with it. My husband actually had someone he found out I had the addiction. He actually obtained from just in case.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, which is really good. And so
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah.
Chelcey Skubski: I'm very excited guy.
Dr. Belis Aladag: He's a smart guy. So I'm ordering you that as well. And you can see you know it, how much it costs if it's covered fully or whatever but
Dr. Belis Aladag: It might be good to have in the house.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Now the risk of overdose from Suboxone is very small compared to, you know,
Chelcey Skubski: The hospital and fields.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's still good to have and you can use it on anyone not just yourself like if somebody you know
Chelcey Skubski: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And he would just spray it in your nose. If you're waking up.
Chelcey Skubski: Yeah, he know
Dr. Belis Aladag: Our health because it's time
Chelcey Skubski: Right, right. It's like 30 minutes right
Dr. Belis Aladag: Exactly, you know. Okay, perfect. Um, so do you smoke cigarettes.
Chelcey Skubski: Franchise I baby.
Chelcey Skubski: I have a big pen. Okay.
Chelcey Skubski: Oh, it's as it does have nicotine.
Chelcey Skubski: In it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so you're very pigmented a
Chelcey Skubski: Small amount, but it does have Nick.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So you know you know one thing at a time. But, you know, it might be something to work.
Chelcey Skubski: Actually switched from cigarettes.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So,
Chelcey Skubski: I was a smoker. I went to be being I started out with a high nicotine dose I've lowered that so a goal is stopping completely
Good.
Chelcey Skubski: I'm on the track.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You're on the track. Okay, good. You've already kind of down
Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, good. So I like that. That's your projection because
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know, it still has its risk.
It's not
Dr. Belis Aladag: No, it's not good. And, you know, they've had the whole scare with the pneumonia is now in
Chelcey Skubski: Style right
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so we'll work on that will attribute and you know I can always give you a nicotine laws and Jesus or God or something.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Want to like stop that and try this, is that you know what I mean.
Chelcey Skubski: Okay, okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Just let me know.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Um, so, work on that. And then what else, what else just a review of systems. You already told me you get headaches, you have tendinitis, I'm back pain sometimes I
Chelcey Skubski: Pain and degenerative disc in my
Chelcey Skubski: Desk. And yet, which might be what causes my headaches but I doubt I had that when I was eight, when I was eight. I had a bunch of tests done they told me it was stress related but that's why I got reoccurring headaches that was from stress.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh, I see. But
Chelcey Skubski: That's about the time my
Chelcey Skubski: Step father, my brother's dad left us. And so I kind of, that's when everything altered in my life when I had to step up with my mom so it the timeline makes sense for stress headaches.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Interrupt so yeah that's AJ
Chelcey Skubski: And then my first migraine. I got when I was 10 and I obviously migraines and headaches completely different. So
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah.
Chelcey Skubski: Yeah, I haven't gotten a migraine in a while. So, okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Um, so, okay, that was when you were eight
Dr. Belis Aladag: Do I want to say.
Dr. Belis Aladag: psychiatric history you alluded to it. You already mentioned that age 15 you were diagnosed with major depressive disorder.
Chelcey Skubski: Yes, my grandmother passed away my maternal grandmother and she was because my mom was an alcoholic. My grandmother was the one that was my escape at the time. My dad was model around with that time actually. He was into drugs himself.
Chelcey Skubski: So,
Dr. Belis Aladag: He has a history as well.
Chelcey Skubski: He has a history of drug addiction. Yes. Okay. Oh, I have addiction on both sides.
Chelcey Skubski: So my grandmother passed away and my mother moved us from I'm from San Diego. She moved us to Lancaster in the middle of my sophomore year in high school. And so I got really depressed because of my grandma, actually. And because of leaving everything I knew I started self mutilation.
Chelcey Skubski: And that went on for a year, year and a half, and I was hospitalized for a week for that.
Chelcey Skubski: For when I was 16 and then I have not done that since
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
Chelcey Skubski: As I got out of the hospital.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So, that time.
Chelcey Skubski: That was that time. Yes.
Chelcey Skubski: Oh, nice to not like
Dr. Belis Aladag: Not like
Chelcey Skubski: Like a week ago.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, good. Just
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, good, good. So that was then okay and so that hospitalization is when it kind of came out.
Dr. Belis Aladag: But they were like, hey, you know, I think you're dying, we need to
Chelcey Skubski: Get them. They knew I had depression. Before that it was actually my therapist, I saw therapist once a week that came to my house.
Chelcey Skubski: I'm starting at 15 and a half or so and I, and I've seen her for a year I had had a particularly bad week and I did not promised her that I was not going to harm myself. And so she had me taken off.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, gotcha.
Chelcey Skubski: But I was already diagnosed with depression at that point and was on medication for it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So this time they put you on to drugs that are mainly for bipolar did that who
Chelcey Skubski: knows me with this time.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, bipolar disorder. Yeah. Did they say if it's type one or two or
Chelcey Skubski: Not sure where leading towards tag.
Chelcey Skubski: Kill, but they didn't tell me specifically the doctor at one point I spoke with two different doctors, the one that I spoke with mainly said he thought it was type two, but I would have to meet with a psychiatrist discuss more in order to be
Chelcey Skubski: Told specifically one or two.
Chelcey Skubski: Hospitals. I just know I personally don't have a lot a whole lot of prolonged high media.
Chelcey Skubski: Episodes it's more the depression.
Chelcey Skubski: With short bursts. So, yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: hypomania maybe
Chelcey Skubski: Which is partially why I have had the drug addiction problem because that gave me the for you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes. Okay. Yeah, it makes you kind of yes gotcha, gotcha, gotcha. Okay. Um, and you were on antidepressants, I suppose, since age 15 then like so.
Chelcey Skubski: Like, on, off and on. I started with Prozac.
Chelcey Skubski: I went to select I've been on Wellbutrin I'm fat. Sorry.
Chelcey Skubski: I'm Wellbutrin um
Chelcey Skubski: Let's see, I've been on lithium once before.
Chelcey Skubski: Okay, that was a few years ago, it was a random doctor that thought I had bipolar disorder as well.
Chelcey Skubski: But, um,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Did you stay on it. Did you notice
Chelcey Skubski: I stayed on it for a couple months. However, it
Chelcey Skubski: Made me gain 40 pounds.
Chelcey Skubski: Oh, and I was
Chelcey Skubski: Young and yeah upset about that and I stopped taking it because I didn't want to gain weight.
Chelcey Skubski: But this last time. I've always been overweight.
Chelcey Skubski: I've always been
Chelcey Skubski: Between 188 and 200 pounds and I'm Emily, five, six. So I'm always been overweight and the last six months. I have lost 50 pounds.
Chelcey Skubski: Just slowly from depression and not eating I at the hospital. I think I weighed in at 150
Chelcey Skubski: Oh, wow. So I'm, I'm, I haven't been this low since middle school like I started out in a size 14 is my average size for most of my life. I'm a size eight right now.
Chelcey Skubski: I've never, I can't even remember being a sizing effort. So that is just fully from stress and not eating and depression.
Chelcey Skubski: Because normally I would do the opposite. I would overheat.
Chelcey Skubski: So Atlanta tells me this time was different.
Chelcey Skubski: Yes, yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, quite different.
Wow.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so we'll keep an eye on on that, you know, and hopefully. I mean, it's really not healthy for you to lost all that in that manner.
Chelcey Skubski: No, it's not.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's not good. You're not. Yeah.
Chelcey Skubski: So and so right now I'm trying to just
Chelcey Skubski: Exercise and watch what I'm eating because I obviously I don't want to gain the weight back by any means.
Chelcey Skubski: Yes, if I could stay a size 810. That would be wonderful.
Chelcey Skubski: Yeah, I know. I can't
Chelcey Skubski: Stay there. I can't maintain it the way that I have been by not eating.
Dr. Belis Aladag: No good. Okay, so you're aware, you have that self.
Chelcey Skubski: Yeah yeah
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, this is good in a way like this is really not a sustainable or
Dr. Belis Aladag: High thing.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Exactly and your overall health is most important, not the number on the scale, right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I mean, that's important to stay, you know, for health reasons as well but
Chelcey Skubski: Right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know we got to look at the whole picture not just
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, I'm glad any legal troubles. I need DUIs or problems like that. No.
Chelcey Skubski: No, no.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And do you are you working or
Chelcey Skubski: I'm a homemaker right now just here with my daughter.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Your daughter. That's a full time job and a half.
Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes. Um, let's see what else, what else I think I covered everything we got your medication and the Narcan in
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, but the nicotine and we can work on that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: As well. Later on, whenever I
Dr. Belis Aladag: Feel like it.
Chelcey Skubski: And how often do I need to be meeting with you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So, so our model here is that we do weekly visits.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So we get to know each other and we do it in a group format.
Chelcey Skubski: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's interesting. You'll it'll be you and I and like maybe six seven other people
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, and I'll do I start. So I'm in the group. I will start with everybody. So I'll say, okay, Chelsea. How did it go with your dose, like the half, half, half,
Chelcey Skubski: Right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Are you comfortable do we even need to change anything.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I just do a check in, like we would normally you and
Chelcey Skubski: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then I do the same with everyone else and
Dr. Belis Aladag: Do you need refills. Yes, yes. And it's like a weekly thing we all check in. And then there's a therapist with me who helps kind of guide or facilitate more conversation after that so
Chelcey Skubski: On almost like a check in Flash meeting for the thing
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's great. It's like two in one you get it's an hour long and you get to have the social exposure.
Chelcey Skubski: To like
Dr. Belis Aladag: If people going through similar style, you know, may be from completely different walks of life.
Chelcey Skubski: Right and
Dr. Belis Aladag: Find this one common thread and it just makes you feel, I think there's a group dynamic that it's really hard to describe. And I
I
Dr. Belis Aladag: I think that's a good thing to have.
Chelcey Skubski: In your lap. Sounds great.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah. And so if you're, are you able to do. I would love to see you Monday morning. Do you think you can do Monday.
Chelcey Skubski: I cannot do more.
Chelcey Skubski: Because I
Chelcey Skubski: Don't have anybody for my daughter. That's why I did the afternoon.
Chelcey Skubski: Because my mother clock and take her anytime
Dr. Belis Aladag: No worries. I'm afternoons, I can do we could do Fridays.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, uh, Fridays, or Thursdays at 4pm
Um,
Chelcey Skubski: Let's do what today. I don't know.
Chelcey Skubski: Here's our
Chelcey Skubski: Thursday.
Chelcey Skubski: Thursday's let's stick with Thursdays and
Chelcey Skubski: Fridays at three or four
Dr. Belis Aladag: So four but I highly recommend you put your alarm for like 330
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay 345 latest because
Dr. Belis Aladag: It takes a little bit sometimes depending on the volume of people checking in.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, you call the virtual clinic through zoom right
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then you do a check in, which can take like 20 minutes because they write
Dr. Belis Aladag: You a survey like how's your addiction, whatever you gotta do two things. And then they give you
Chelcey Skubski: I call the 408 number first
Chelcey Skubski: Exactly. And then
Dr. Belis Aladag: You check it. You say it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Today. Yeah, just like you did today and you say, Hey, I have a four o'clock group with the doctor Allah DAG and then they say, Okay, great. Please fill the survey out and then come back to us and we'll give you the zoom number and every week. It's a different zoom number
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so we we will go about it that way.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: All right. Um, so, so that'll that'll so then we just do weekly visits like that. So that's that. And then you should also call them and ask for call the virtual clinic and ask them to book you your first therapy appointment.
Chelcey Skubski: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So you you're assigned a therapist with us and you'll you'll do your first visit. It's called a bio psychosocial they just kind of go through your history.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, and then
Chelcey Skubski: That's different than the psychiatrist for my mental health. Correct. Okay, so I need to call and make a therapy point
Exactly.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then the therapist and you decide, okay, should you do weekly visits with them individually or should you do every two weeks. You know, you guys will decide, and that's your talk therapy that's important to have your alone time to do your talk therapy.
Dr. Belis Aladag: What you'll do with me is a medical visit plus a group therapy thing once a week.
Chelcey Skubski: Got it, okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so you've got those two things you got your in the Thursday group. So I'll see you in a week.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Around this time,
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then we'll go from there. If you come up with questions. You know, please let me know. I'll send you an email.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, shortly.
Chelcey Skubski: Okay. Sounds good.
Chelcey Skubski: Okay so much Dr.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Hide All right. Well, I have high hopes that this is going to make you feel better and more into
Chelcey Skubski: I
Chelcey Skubski: I'm really excited. I'm really, I'm hopeful very hopeful for the first time in my recovery. I feel hopeful so
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm so glad and you know before I let you go I it's like the elephant in the room. I can't forget to address this. I mean, started the conversation with, Hey, you know, I tried to kill myself and I ended
Chelcey Skubski: Up. Yeah.
Chelcey Skubski: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, so I we should talk a little bit about that, like, was this the first time you mentioned before.
Chelcey Skubski: My first attempt before when I have the self harm that was just more about control in my life.
Chelcey Skubski: That wasn't to kill myself. This was my first time and it just, I just reached a low point my addiction had affected my 14 year relationship.
Chelcey Skubski: I didn't know if it was salvageable and I just had convinced myself that my husband and my daughter would be better off without me. I genuinely felt that way.
Chelcey Skubski: And I know my husband, and that he
Chelcey Skubski: He would he's a fixer so I knew if I was around he would still be trying to to fix things. And I just genuinely felt the two of them would be better off without me.
Chelcey Skubski: So I just I planned it out. I actually, I did not even overdose on Norco because I truthfully, I'm I have no idea how much it would take for me to overdose on that because my tolerance is sailing high
Chelcey Skubski: So I overdosed on over the counter sleeping medication.
Chelcey Skubski: Yeah, it was a lot cheaper to. I know that sounds horrible. But buying drugs illegally is not cheap. Yes. So, um, and this was not about getting high. It was about killing myself so I wrote a note to my husband to my brother to my mom.
Chelcey Skubski: And to my daughter and my husband left to go pick up our daughter, he normally stays on for a few hours sits at his mom's house so he visits.
Chelcey Skubski: I think he felt like something was wrong. And so he did not stay in visit he picked her up, he came home and so he found the before I was completely out
Dr. Belis Aladag: When
Chelcey Skubski: He called the ambulance.
Chelcey Skubski: Oh my God, yeah, which, thankfully, that happens that way he can be very intuitive. So
Dr. Belis Aladag: Wow.
Chelcey Skubski: I he felt like something was up.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Up. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: We just say instead. You guys are very well.
Chelcey Skubski: I mean I had been planning it for a while. So I think after after it happened. He started connecting things like, oh, you know, he we had gotten in a fight.
Chelcey Skubski: A few weeks prior about me going to out to see my mom every day to go grocery shopping for her that we couldn't afford the gas for me to do that. And he said, How long are you going to do this, plus you're supposed to be in a quarantine right now. You shouldn't be doing that.
Chelcey Skubski: And I said, two weeks and then it'll be done, and he said, what's going to happen in two weeks. Is she going to feel better. And I said, Yes. And I just left it at that. And so after this happened. He started connecting
Chelcey Skubski: That's what you meant.
Chelcey Skubski: By two weeks. Okay, you are planning on being here.
Dr. Belis Aladag: For two
Dr. Belis Aladag: Weeks. You knew you had that. Yes. So, so, Chelsea. That's very serious. Do you, do you feel you're at risk right now.
Chelcey Skubski: I don't, I genuinely don't. I'm really hopeful right now. I think that
Chelcey Skubski: You know the lithium before when I was on it. I didn't feel like it was helping. I feel like it in
Chelcey Skubski: Paired with the Geodon it has been noticing a difference, my sleep is still something I'm struggling with. I'll have to talk to the psychiatrist about that but
Chelcey Skubski: I do feel like maybe for the first time this. This medication is helping. I also feel very hopeful about my my recovery for addiction and it's the first time that I have in a long time. And so that was a major aspect as to why I was giving up.
Chelcey Skubski: Yes, because I felt like, well, this is just me now i i don't know if I'll ever find the person I was before or any resemblance of her and this is me now. And I don't want to be this person and that was it.
Chelcey Skubski: But now I'm hopeful that obviously this is going to change me no matter what out. I will never be the person that I used to be.
Chelcey Skubski: But I might be a better version of what I used to be so and I haven't felt like that in a long time. So I don't feel like I'm at risk. I actually feel pretty okay I won't say, great, but I feel okay okay
Dr. Belis Aladag: So I think like if I had to quantify like low, medium, high, I would say maybe medium. I'm not going to say low because typically you just had an attempt so
Chelcey Skubski: Of course,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Of but but i mean you between low and medium, I guess.
Chelcey Skubski: And also my husband was watching like a hawk. So up to you he is, he's working from home right now so
Chelcey Skubski: He's lending me his office. This is not my racing chair.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
Chelcey Skubski: This is his office. So he's letting me his office. So he's working from home and he's very attentive. He's making sure he's checking in with me so
Chelcey Skubski: Oh, I'm in good hands with him as well.
Chelcey Skubski: As as taking care of myself.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So sounds like it. Okay, good. So yeah, so you're in a safe place you're being answered, you feel your verbalizing very clearly that
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yet feel good and full. These are very key things is what I wanted. Yeah. Hope is everything. You got to have hope. So I'm glad you have that in your you are warranted. I can tell you that I think this is really going to help you. I think I'm glad you're doing this.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And I yeah so i'll see you. I'll see you next week. I'm happy to meet you. Thank you for sharing everything. Oh.
Chelcey Skubski: He'll
Chelcey Skubski: All right, I feel really great
Chelcey Skubski: This is awesome. Thank you so much.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, all right, Chelsea. I'll see you soon. Okay.
Chelcey Skubski: All right. Thank you.
Chelcey Skubski: Bye Bye bye.